# SNBank
Python Task 4

#This document outlines the features of this banking program
* The program presents the options: Yes to login and No to close the program.  

* Banking staffs are able to securely login using their username and password to access this app.

* If login is successful, the staff is presented with the options of 1. creating a new bank account. 2. Chek the account details. 3. Logout. If it is not successful the staff is prompted and asked to try again. 

* If the staff selects option 1, s/he is asked to supply the following details: account name, opening balance, account type, and account email address. 

* The above details are then saved in teh customer.txt file and a 10 digit account number is generated by the program and displayed. 

* The staff is then again presented with the options of 1. creating a new bank account. 2. Chek the account details. 3. Logout.

* If the staff selects option 2, s/he would be asked to enter the account number. If the account number is entered in correctly, the program displays all other account information such as account name, opening balance, account type, and account email address. 

* After this is  done, the staff is presented with the following option again: 1. creating a new bank account. 2. Chek the account details. 3. Logout.

* If the staff chooses to logout, the user session is deleted and the program retuns to the login page. 

* In the login page, the staff is asked to enter Yes for staff login and No to close the app. 

* If the staff chooses No, the program closes. 
